See if you can solve mathematical equations on time
Solved perfectly!
Solved incorrectly.
Activate true colours
Delay in Milliseconds
How many milliseconds to wait before making the next write?
See if you can press a key on time
Character not pressed on time.
You've pressed the right character!
You've pressed the wrong character.
Press ESC to exit.
Minimum red colour level
Minimum green colour level
Minimum blue colour level
Minimum colour level
Maximum red colour level
Maximum green colour level
Maximum blue colour level
Maximum colour level
Minimum red colour level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255.
Minimum green colour level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255.
Minimum blue colour level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255.
Minimum colour level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255 for 255 colours or 16 for 16 colours.
Maximum red colour level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255.
Maximum green colour level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255.
Maximum blue colour level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255.
Maximum colour level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255 for 255 colours or 16 for 16 colours.
Solver minimum number
Solver maximum number
Solver show input
Whether to show what's written in the input prompt.
What is the minimum number to choose?
What is the maximum number to choose?
Activates the true colour support.
Default difficulty for SpeedPress
Keypress timeout for SpeedPress
How many milliseconds to wait for the keypress before the timeout? (In custom difficulty)
Stage delay in milliseconds
How many milliseconds to wait before drawing the next stage?
Starts the game in easy difficulty
Starts the game in medium difficulty
Starts the game in hard difficulty
Starts the game in very hard difficulty
Starts the game in custom difficulty. Please note that the custom timeout in milliseconds should be written as argument.
Progress text location
Select your preferred progress text location.
You can only write the numbers.
Press "q" to exit.
The snake game!
You are a spaceship and the meteors are coming to destroy you. Can you save it?
Game over
Unexpected error
Use PowerLine for rendering spaceship
Meteor game speed
Whether to use PowerLine to render the spaceship or to use the standard greater than character. If you want to use PowerLine with Meteor, you need to install an appropriate font with PowerLine support.
Specifies the game speed in milliseconds.
Do you back the wrong horse?
Starts the Hangman game
One wrong letter and you're hung!
Test your Hangman skills by throwing a random letter.
You are a spaceship and the meteors are coming to destroy you. Can you dodge them?
Gets a random quote
Russian Roulette
Two spaceships are on a fight with each other. One shot and the spaceship will blow. This is a local two-player game.
The Wordle game simulator
Play the Wordle game originally
Commemorates the 5-year anniversary of the kernel release
Commemorating the 5-year anniversary of the kernel
First ever release
This kernel was first released on February 22, 2018 to make a minimalistic simulator that actually simulates how the core of the kernel works.
It used to only host one shell, and a few commands, and it only worked with Windows due to its usage of the Windows Management Instrumentation tool.
It also didn't have its own documentation.
Kernel Refinement
Versions of the kernel were released, such as the second major release to add colouring and basic features, and the fourth major release to add configuration.
Documentation started on the sixth major release, and various nice things have been slowly added to the kernel.
Current version
This version now refines the kernel to the point that it no longer behaves like the old versions.
Because the new groundbreaking features got released, we decided to name this kernel...
Happy 5-year anniversary!
Horse
[ENTER] Start the race | [ESC] Exit | [UP/DOWN] Move selection
Your horse won the race!
Your horse lost the race!
You're hung!
You win!
What's your bet?
You guessed it right!
You got it wrong.
But, you're unlucky. Loser.
You're lucky! Winner!
It's a draw.
Player {0} wins!
Current character:
You guessed the right word! You win!
Colour settings
A snake game.
Shows you nice famous quotes.
Select your preferred difficulty, where 0 is easy, 1 is medium, 2 is hard, 3 is very hard, and 4 is custom.
Use PowerLine for rendering spaceship in ShipDuet
Whether to use PowerLine to render the spaceship or to use the standard greater than character. If you want to use PowerLine with ShipDuet, you need to install an appropriate font with PowerLine support.
Game speed in ShipDuet
Uses the common word list.
Uses the complete word list.
The ping-pong game!
Score
Failed to obtain settings entries.
Horse Racing
Hangman
Meteor Dodge
Meteor Shooter
Pong
Ship Duet
Snaker
Wordle
Wordle (original)
Unknown quote.
Unknown author.
This allows you to configure the colours
This section lets you configure Solver.
This section lets you configure SpeedPress.
This section lets you configure Meteor and ShipDuet.
